我是上海仁立信息的猎头Echo，目前是在帮万事达卡招聘职位的，jd仅供参考，请查看。

万事达卡（mastercard）
MasterCard is a technology company in the global payments business. We connect consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments and businesses worldwide and enable them to use secure and convenient electronic forms of payment.
Join the industry’s most passionate, motivated & engaged global team - Our employees are encouraged to drive innovation every day in support of a more connected world C A World Beyond Cash.
 
上海：浦东新区世纪大道8号国金中心二期29楼 
 
二.职位情况
Technical Communicator (also for Sr. Technical Communicator)

Job involves developing technical content and publications about MasterCard systems, programs, and services for the financial institutions that use the MasterCard network. Also involves researching, selecting, and implementing new documentation and online publishing technologies and defining department-wide processes. 

Major Accountabilities: 
?Develop task-based and reference information for technical manuals, release documents, and bulletins for the financial institutions that use MasterCard systems, programs, and services. 
?Gather technical information by interviewing subject matter experts, reading functional specifications, and/or observing testing. 
?Develop content to be published online, on CD-ROM, and in print. 
?Manage all aspects of a documentation project, including defining the deliverable, project milestones, and schedule. 
?Produce content and publications according to corporate identity and publishing standards. 
?Complete projects within assigned timelines and schedules. 
?Lead project teams of peers, define goals, and deliver results. 
?Research and evaluate new documentation tools and methods; develop and improve documentation and publication processes. 
?Mentor other employees in content development and publication skills. 

Education: 
?Bachelors degree in Technical Writing, English, Journalism, Business, or equivalent experience. 

Knowledge / Experience: 
?Three to five years technical writing experience in developing software or computer systems documentation. 
?Strong PC skills, including word processing applications. 
?XML and content management tools experience. 
?DITA experience.
?Online help experience. 
?Solid project management skills, team management skills, and ability to lead documentation projects. 
?Broad knowledge in the field is preferred. 
?Experience working in large-scale multinational organizations highly preferred
?Experience using a writing style guide (Microsoft or IBM style guide) desirable

Skills/ Abilities: 
?Ability to work as a member of a project team and manage multiple projects simultaneously with minimal supervision. 
?Ability to interact with customers to understand their business and information needs, and to develop information products to meet those needs. 
?Self-motivated and able to work independently to complete project milestones within tight schedules and on relatively complex projects and conduct detailed interviews and analysis. 
?Strong interpersonal skills, and verbal and written communication skills with the ability to work cross-functionally with other groups to define publication processes, and communicate the processes to co-workers.
?The candidate must be able to demonstrate excellent English writing skills both written and verbal
?Candidates must be able to provide writing samples
?Native English speakers or candidates with high TOEIC or CET6 scores highly desirable
 
三.福利情况
1.13个月基本工资
2.补贴：450/月
2.年终奖：20%的年终奖（5级以上）15%的年终奖 （6级以上） 10%的年终奖 （7级别） 固定的
3.五险一金
4.补充商业医疗保险（100%报销，家属也享受）
5.17天年假（6级别以上）/15天年假 （7级别以上）+5天志愿者假期+30天病假  
6.5k的健康补贴（眼睛，洗牙等凭发票报销）
7.一张一兆韦德的健身卡
8.10%的企业年 （个人缴4%） 满4年后拿60%
9.5-6k的节日补贴 （京东卡）
10.旅游补贴